- Nothing feels better than receiving a job offer
for that new position you've always wanted.
It's an exciting time in your career
that should be celebrated.
Before beginning your new adventure,
there will be an onboarding period
where you'll submit documentation
and finalize the agreement with your new employer
and then give a notice to your old employer.
This period can typically take about a month,
so it provides an excellent opportunity
to ramp up and prepare for your new position.
During the interview process
or through conversations with your new manager,
you'll often uncover a few gaps within your current skills
and what's needed for the position.
This is normal, especially when job descriptions contain
a long list of preferred skills.
That's why it's important to ask questions about the tools
and technologies you'll be using
during the interview process.
It shows your interest, opens up the conversation
and gathers information you'll need
to prepare for your new position.
Once you've collected this information,
develop a learning plan,
like we discussed in earlier lessons,
to work on building up these skills before your start date.
It will allow you to contribute more quickly
in your new position
and help overcome a bit of the imposter syndrome
that everyone experiences when starting a new role.
If you know what team and product
you'll be working on at the company,
spend time reviewing any information
that's publicly available about it
or ask your manager if they can share this information.
This will get you familiar with the product's key features
and can build some common ground
for initial conversations with your teammates.
During this time, it's also important to rejuvenate.
Take some time for yourself
to clear your mind and de-stress
so you can start your new position well rested.
The work that goes into landing a position
and waiting on the results can be intense,
so it's important to inject some downtime for recovery
so that you'll be at your best
the first day in your new role.